[Segment][Segment Profiles] Add FAQ regarding mapping-tester behavior (#6024)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-segment-profiles/index.md

### Succesful syncs but no changes on profiles
Make sure that the Endpoint Region setting matches the region of your workspace. If the region is correct and you don't see any profile changes, [contact Segment](https://segment.com/help/contact/){:target="_blank"}.

### Test Mapping

> The **Test Mapping** feature on the Mapping page does not send events to Profiles. It will only validate the mappings and confirm that the event will be accepted by the Tracking API. To send and validate the event in profile, please run a RETL sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Test Mapping** feature on the Mapping page does not send events to Profiles. It only validates the mappings and confirms that the event will be accepted by the Tracking API. To send and validate the event in your profiles, run a RETL sync.
```
